what about film friends oscar yes how
Yesterday announced today today
I with the bch sun or pcs
bing.com is a very good site
an international relations
I have American side once
ordered had problems with the customs
That's why I never ordered there again
But in general, the products are
very good and especially if i am
This company also very good optimum
nutrition
The quality is because we are at the protein
similar but of course not nearly
so cheap and opened up I will
Now just start with it
every morning five capsules are at five
gram
why five chapels I have
just another after the forest
bodybuilders oriented take all
five grams of my body data are like that
I'll be like that
take on 5 km and let's see if I
to find a difference
23 45 clock I have a difference
determine
yes but I can not imagine it
that you already noticed something right there
from muscle building or palling I am in
the defi or regeneration but me
Let me surprise you
the apartment is always shit this
shit was therefor buy it
some powder form
that sounds like some buy in
powder form but I can not recommend
because my colleague took that I have
the broken and had to go from
Alone the odor almost puke
So it is extremely disgusting taste
The capsules were finally here
but swallowing came but always
In any case, money making tastes good
taste of it me are 400 capsules
we can see here that means I will
that's why they're testing almost three for 80 days
months about as long as mine
I still go and you look what I am
bring this is my first attempt
pcs and I'm curious
but then again briefly what pcs
are at all and what they should do
because I forgot to mention that
you may also be interested
So pcs consist of the three
essential amino acids that is
ring in
elisa people and albania and these
Essential amino acids are outstanding
because the body does not
that means we have to be able to produce
Take them over the food
and of course they are also in normal
food containing protein
but in a very small measure and
so that we can eat it abundantly
is the wrong here with half supplement
and what the roots are at all
the whole
one promises oneself thereby here
most important times briefly
They help you to endurance training
during training and at the
Regeneration of the muscle and together
With protein-containing food you can
to accelerate the muscles regeneration
and the synthesis of proteins andré is here
on it and there at the moment I am on one
2000 kilocalories I'm taking
pretty little food to me
That's why my regeneration is natural
not nearly as good as we are
would not eat much more then then
my body would become the nutrients
get out that you need and have
enough for the regeneration and he has
maybe not that what he is
needs to grab the field
should
That's why I'm taking that , too
the meaning of the matter but I want
generate slower and with which he
I hope a faster one with me
regeneration what also here on it
stands and faster
protein synthesis that would mean
means would mean a faster
I do not expect it to build muscle
but I expect that the muscle loss
will not exist and how if I will
Feel this and how I feel it
Of course, I'll keep you up to date
the next weeks